not satisfied with making america a global laughing stock, pacifist-in-chief barack crosby stills & nash hussein obama now seems etermined to show the entire universe that we¡¯re a nation of wimps. what the heck am i talking about? i¡¯ll tell you what i¡¯m talking about. a day as passed since nasa researchers announced the discovery of an earth-like planet some 1,400 light years away and our president has yet to launch a full-scale invasion. obama hasn¡¯t even acknowledged this new foreign menace, which nasa is calling kepler-452b. i guess he wants to wait around for the kepler-452bians to show up on our doorstep so he can bow down to them and give them our guns. if a distant planet orbiting a sun-like star at a distance that may or may not make it amenable to life had been discovered when ronald reagan was president, we would¡¯ve already had a fleet of spacecraft on its way to nuke the alien pants off of those 452bian bastards. scientists find best bet yet for earth-like planet that might harbor life but, no, we¡¯re stuck with mr. community organizer, fresh off denying americans their god-given right to bomb iran. he¡¯s all, ¡°let¡¯s use diplomacy. maybe we shouldn¡¯t just immediately bomb the crap out of places we don¡¯t fully understand. maybe there are other factors that need to be considered.¡± blah blah blah. he¡¯s probably going to send secretary of state john kerry on a 1,400-light-year space-bike ride and ask him to reach some kind of ¡°deal¡± with the kepler-452bians. like that¡¯s gonna work. this race of people that may or not exist isn¡¯t going to listen to diplomacy. they¡¯ll only understand one thing ¨c force. american force. consider wisconsin gov. scott walker, commenting recently on the nuclear deal the u.s. and other world powers reached with iran, one that sharply limits iran¡¯s ability to build a nuclear weapon in exchange for the easing of harsh economic sanctions. walker said he would tear up that deal and have his reagan action figure pretend to pee on it, all while being ready, if necessary, to take military action against iran on his first day in office. lrelated russian capsule docks smoothly with international space station  nation & world russian capsule docks smoothly with international space station see all related now that¡¯s an american solution to a potential threat. you stomp it, then you stomp it again, then you stomp on the thing you used for stomping just for good measure. that¡¯s the kind of clear, decisive, poorly thought out, stubborn, irrational and reckless behavior that made this country great. and that¡¯s the kind of response we need to this new extraterrestrial threat. in a statement from nasa, jon jenkins, who led the team that discovered kepler-452b, said: ¡°we can think of kepler-452b as an older, bigger cousin to earth, providing an opportunity to understand and reflect upon earth¡¯s evolving environment. it¡¯s awe-inspiring to consider that this planet has spent 6 billion years in the habitable zone of its star; longer than earth. that¡¯s substantial opportunity for life to arise, should all the necessary ingredients and conditions for life exist on this planet.¡± nasa photos of earth: comparing the planet 1972 to 2015 any logical person would read jenkins¡¯ comments and conclude that america is facing an existential threat from an untrustworthy foreign entity that does not share our values or respect our way of life and must be destroyed at all costs. it¡¯s clear as day. i¡¯m hopeful the republican presidential candidates will call out obama for projecting weakness to distant planets that may or may not contain life forms that could quite possibly but by no means definitely want to enslave and/or kill us. we need a leader who recognizes there¡¯s no ¡°victory¡± in ¡°diplomacy,¡± a leader unafraid to launch an invasion, regardless of facts. without one, there¡¯s a good chance that 1,400 light years from now we¡¯ll all be speaking kepler-452ese   nasa scientists say they have found perhaps the most earth-like planet ever discovered. the planet, kepler-452b, is 1,400 lightyears away from earth, but its orbit is strikingly similar to our own planet¡¯s. it is roughly as far from the star that it orbits as the earth is from the sun. that puts kepler 452b within its star¡¯s ¡°habitable zone,¡± the distance at which a planet could contain liquid water¡ªand, thus, life. ¡°on the 20th anniversary year of the discovery that proved other suns host planets, the kepler exoplanet explorer has discovered a planet and star which most closely resemble the earth and our sun,¡± said john grunsfeld, head of nasa¡¯s science mission directorate, in a press release. ¡°this exciting result brings us one step closer to finding an earth 2.0.¡± the sun that 452b orbits is the same temperature as our own sun. the planet¡¯s orbit takes 385 days. essentially, it¡¯s as close to an earth twin as astronomers have ever discovered. ¡°it¡¯s awe-inspiring to consider that this planet has spent 6 billion years in the habitable zone of its star; longer than earth,¡± said jon jenkins, lead author on the paper describing the planet¡¯s discovery. ¡°that¡¯s substantial opportunity for life to arise, should all the necessary ingredients and conditions for life exist on this planet.¡± the first confirmed exoplanet was discovered in 1995, when scientists found a massive gas planet orbiting closely around 51 pegasi, a nearby sun-like star. since then, astronomers have confirmed over 1,000 more planets outside our solar system, many of them believed to be somewhat similar to earth. six years ago, nasa launched the kepler space telescope to survey the milky way for other earth-like planets. kepler finds planets by observing stars in a fixed view. then, analysts on earth look at the data it transmits to see when an object crosses in front of a star, causing its brightness to dim. once they confirm the object is indeed a planet, scientists can learn its size, the shape of its orbit, its distance from the star, and can make educated guesses about its composition. in addition to the 1,000 confirmed exoplanets, kepler has found over 3,000 planet candidates that have yet to be verified. and that¡¯s just in a small portion of our own galaxy. there are an unthinkable number of planets elsewhere in the universe, but those are, for now, too far away to observe. even the planets in the milky way, which are our next-door neighbors in universe terms, are extraordinarily far away. kepler 438b is 475 lightyears away. for comparison: pluto, which took a spacecraft traveling 30,000 miles per hour 10 years to reach, is less than one-thousandth of 1 lightyear away from earth. the search for more earth-like planets will be greatly boosted by the transiting exoplanet survey satellite (tess), set to launch in 2017. tess will be able to survey a much larger portion of the sky than kepler can.  since nasa¡¯s kepler telescope launched in 2009, the planet-hunting spacecraft has changed our conception of space over and over again. our galaxy, it turns out, is rife with exoplanets, or planets orbiting other stars¡ªsome of them perhaps even habitable. today, nasa announced kepler has identified 500 more possible planets, bringing the total to 4,175. and one newly discovered exoplanet, kepler 452b, may be the most earth-like ever.  that¡¯s great and all, but still¡­kind of meaningless. we know of these planets now, but a more interesting question is: could any of them really harbor life? and if they do, could any of them know of us?  humankind, after all, has been inadvertently broadcasting electromagnetic waves since the invention of radio a century ago. those early radio transmission were weak¡ªtoo weak to even make it through earth¡¯s ionosphere, says seth shostak, senior astronomer at the seti institute. with world war ii came military radar and then television and fm radio. those waves, which are all electromagnetic like light, would have since traveled about 70 light years away from earth. the newly confirmed kepler 452b, at 1,400 light years away, will not be seeing i love lucy for more than a millennium.  so how many planets are in this 70 light-year radius? astronomers have found evidence of over 100. and how many are potentially habitable? just thirteen.  but potentially habitable doesn¡¯t mean there¡¯s life¡ªintelligent or otherwise¡ªand actually, potentially habitable doesn¡¯t mean, uh, very much at all. ¡°it¡¯s quite literally anyone¡¯s guess what those planets are like,¡± says greg laughlin, an astronomer at the university of california, santa cruz.  kepler finds exoplanets by detecting how a star dims as its planet transits across it. the change in luminosity is miniscule¡ªone part in 10,000 for an earth-like planet passing in front of a sun-like star. that dimming and how often it happens lets astronomers estimate the exoplanet¡¯s radius and distance from its star. that¡¯s about it. ¡°habitable¡± is a label applied to any planet not too close to its star to get fried or too far to be frozen. whether a planet like kepler 452b is bathed in liquid water like earth or seething like venus is unknown.